
about_ArcaneBooks

SHORT DESCRIPTION
   Retrieves book metadata based on the ISBN or LCCN.

LONG DESCRIPTION
   This module is designed to retrieve metadata for books based on either the
   ISBN or the LCCN (Library of Congress Catalog Number). It will return data
   such as the book title, author, and more.

   To see a list of functions, please use "Get-Help about_ABFunctions".

   In addition each cmdlet has help, you can use the Get-Help feature of
   PowerShell to learn more about each one.

BACKGROUND
   The author (Robert Cain aka ArcaneCode) is a member of the Alabama
   Historical Radio Society(https://alhrs.org/). They are beginning a project
   to create metadata for their library (title, author, publisher, etc.) and
   store it in cloud based software.

   Naturally we want to automate as much of this as possible, since the
   collection is rather extensive. Some of our books are so old they have
   neither an ISBN or a Library of Congress Catalog Number (LCCN for short).
   Those will require manual intervention to key in the data.

   Fortunately many of the books have the LCCN, the newer books have an ISBN,
   and a very few have both.

   The goal with this project was to allow a user to create a simple text file
   using notepad, Excel, or something similar. The user can enter an LCCN into
   one file or the ISBN in another.

   That data file will be piped through the appropriate cmdlets found in this
   module and produce a list of metadata for each book including things such
   as the book title, author, publication date, and the like.

   This output can then be piped into standard PowerShell cmdlets to output
   the data to formats such as CSV, XML, JSON, and the like.

   The sources used in this module are the Library of Congress or the
   Open Library site, which is part of the Internet Archive. Both provide
   web APIs that can use to retrieve data.

   For more information, please see the online documentation at the projects
   GitHub site, https://github.com/arcanecode/ArcaneBooks .

NOTE
   Author: Robert C Cain | @ArcaneCode | arcane@arcanetc.com

   This code is Copyright (c) 2023 Robert C Cain All rights reserved

   The code herein is for demonstration purposes. No warranty or guarantee
   is implied or expressly granted.

   This module may not be reproduced in whole or in part without the express
   written consent of the author.

SEE ALSO
     https://github.com/arcanecode/ArcaneBooks
     https://arcanecode.com/info/

KEYWORDS
     ArcaneBooks, ISBN, LCCN
